Add docs about querying basics to the README (#7799)
opencollective/opencollective-api: README.md

```

- API is started on http://localhost:3060

> Request can now be posted to http://localhost:3060/graphql/v2 like 
> 
> `curl --request POST \
>   --header 'content-type: application/json' \
>   --url 'http://localhost:3060/graphql/v2' \
>   --data '{"query":"query { __typename }"}'``
> 
> ```
> 
> - A local email inbox is started on http://localhost:1080
> 

Reviewer: I don't find this useful, `curl` can be nice to ping the API but it's definitely not practical to query the API. We have some [docs](https://github.com/opencollective/opencollective-api/blob/d5646f6768aef1910e1fc472e6f5f1f096462cec/docs/dev.md) about querying basics, I would rather link there and keep this one simple:

```suggestion
- A local email inbox is started on http://localhost:1080

See the [dev docs](docs/dev.md) for querying basics.
```

- API is started on http://localhost:3060
- A local email inbox is started on http://localhost:1080

> See the [dev docs](docs/dev.md) for querying basics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [dev docs](docs/dev.md) for querying basics.

```
